Hello!

I am very interested in the DevOps Engineer position posted here:
https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/monetate-devops-engineer-1

I have carefully reviewed the requirements listed in the job posting
and I think you will agree that my work history, as detailed in my
resume, meshes with them quite neatly.

I have been a Python user for 10+ years and have used Python daily as
a professional programmer for about six years, most recently in my
position as a staff engineer at VMware. This role required automation
of a range of interactions with different cloud providers and
technologies. Much of their tooling and I suspect many of their
challenges are similar to those of Monetate's development
operations. I also have a passion for quality and efficiency. Time
spent "doing it right" is never time misspent.

In addition to this, I have almost three years of successful,
productive remote-work experience with Cisco. Cisco was pleased enough
with their experiences with me to offer me a promotion and pay for my
relocation to San Jose, California (from Japan). I therefore
understand the need for discipline and responsibility that comes with
the privilege of a remote-work position and am confident that I can
hit the ground running. I also happen to live quite close to Palo Alto
and would be happy to make occasional trips, should the need arise.

I have attached my resume in MS Word format, but invite you to also
visit my online resume
https://unintuitive.org/static/main/bin/resume-mike-burr.html which
contains a bit more detail.

I would love to discuss further. Please get in touch with me at your
earliest convenience.

Thank you.

Mike Burr
669 800 7593
mburr@unintuitive.org
https://unintuitive.org/
